If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you - Fred DeVito
LESS IS MORE, SIMPLE IS EXCELLENT - H3
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who
has practiced one kick 10,000 times -- Bruce Lee
Your future is created by today, not tomorrow - Robert Kiyosaki
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience. - Mark Twain
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0. - Unknown
I wonder what will happen if Steve Jobs dies…. His tombstone may read – iDead…
Change your world before you change the world.
If you're good at something, never do it for free.
Success is just like being pregnant,everybody congratulates you. BUT nobody knows how many times you're f**ked!!!
Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts. Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
My name is Linus, and I am your God. - Linus Torvalds
Nobody actually creates perfect code the first time around, except me. But there's only one of me. — Linus Torvalds
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free. - Linus Torvalds
Nvidia, fuck you! - Linus Torvalds
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Rules of Optimization: Rule 1: Don't do it. Rule 2 (for experts only): Don't do it yet. — Michael A. Jacksno
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. — Edsger Dijkstra
Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. —Keith Bostic
On the seventh day, God said, "Ship it! We'll release patches later. — Josh Flachsbart
It's not a bug, it's a feature! - Unknown
There, it should work now. - All programmers
There Are Only 10 Types Of People In The World: Those Who Understand Binary, And Those Who Don't - Unknown
Before Software Can Be Reusable It First Has To Be Usable. - Ralph Johnson
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. - Unknown
Why programmers like UNIX: unzip, strip, touch, finger, grep, mount, fsck, more, yes, fsck, fsck, fsck, umount, sleep - Unknown
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions. Now they have two problems - Jamie Zawinski
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. — Edsger Dijkstra
